Fixed typos and added suggestions to the text (#124)
pyOpenSci/contributing-guide: open-source-software-submissions/editors-guide.md

Thank you for your time in serving as an editor for a PyOpenSci package! An editor
for pyOpenSci should have the following experience:

* They should have completed a review for *at least* 1 package for pyOpenSci.

> * They should have some experience with open source software for the scientific
> Python community, be it maintaining or contributing to packages or being involved
> in the community in some way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* They should have some experience with open source software that supports the scientific
Python community, be it maintaining or contributing to packages or being involved
in the community in some way.
```

Once you begin the review process as an editor:

* Tag the submission issue with the `2/seeking-reviewer(s)` tag.

> * Check the submission by the author to ensure that mandatory parts of the template are complete.

Reviewer: much better :)

#### Where to Look for Reviewers?

As a (guest) editor, you can find reviewers through:
* Suggestions made by the submitter(s) (although submitters may have a narrow view of the types of expertise needed. We suggest not using more than one of suggested reviewers).
* Authors of existing [pyOpenSci packages](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-packages/).
* Other [contributors to pyOpenSci](https://www.pyopensci.org/contributors/).

When these sources of information are not enough:
* Ping other editors for ideas.
* Look for users of the package or the data source/upstream service the package connects to (via their opening issues in the repository, starring it, citing it in papers, talking about it on Twitter).
* You can also search for authors/maintainers of related packages on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/search/).

> * Post in Twitter and ensure pyOpenSci retweets your post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Post on Twitter and ensure pyOpenSci retweets your post.
```
